Mr. Li
What do you think the Marquis of King's Landing will do with Miss Chu?
Miss Chu, the Chu family is finished
It's all your fault
Gotta take me to some saint convention
It's not that you want to carve up the industrialists
Why do I want to carve up the industrialists?
The adults are out
Big big man
adult
We don't know that the Chu family offended you
Please atone for your sins.
adult
We will never dare to go to Ye's house again
Please forgive us
Hello Yufei
What happened to King's Landing's apology to Summer Vacation?
Don't worry, it's done, really.
Then come back soon
I'll wait for you at home. Hello.
Lord, please give me a way out
Is it okay for you to kneel and beg me?
If you want to kneel, kneel in front of Ye Yufei
Ask for his forgiveness
Okay, thank you both.
Thank you both
Wang Shao has currently locked the Chu family as the mastermind behind the scenes
Please allow an appointment to wait for someone to level the Chu family
Not only the Chu family
The person behind it is the real murderer
Since they held a debut ceremony for me
Then don't be surprised
Wait until the day of the debut ceremony
I will go in person
Let them know what a surprise is then
Yes